Cory Booker believes that the American dream isn't real for anyone unless it's within reach of everyone. Cory has dedicated his life to fighting for those who have been left out,
left behind, or left without a voice. Cory grew up in northern New Jersey and received his undergraduate and master’s degree from Stanford University. At Stanford, Cory played
varsity football, volunteered for the campus peer counseling centre, and wrote for the student newspaper. He was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship and went on to study at the 
University of Oxford, and then Yale Law School, where he graduated in 1997. Cory moved to Newark after law school and started a nonprofit organization to provide legal services
for low-income families, helping tenants take on slumlords. In 1998, Cory moved into “Brick Towers” in Newark, which eventually became a housing project. Cory lived there until 
the housing project was demolished in 2006. Cory still lives in Newark's Central Ward today, where he sees first-hand many of the challenges he's working to solve in Congress, 
such as lack of access to affordable health care, environmental injustice, food insecurity, and our broken criminal justice system. At 29, Cory was elected to the Newark City 
Council, where he challenged the city’s entrenched political machine and fought to increase economic security for city residents, expand access to health care, and improve 
public safety. Cory served as Newark mayor from 2006 until 2013. During his tenure, the city experienced economic growth on a scale not seen since the 1960s. In addition, under
Cory’s leadership, overall crime declined, affordable housing and green spaces massively expanded, city services were made more efficient, and educational opportunities 
increased. In October 2013, Cory won a special election to represent New Jersey in the United States Senate. In November 2014, he was re-elected to a full six-year term. As New
Jersey’s junior Senator, Cory Booker has brought an innovative and consensus-building approach to tackling some of the most difficult problems facing New Jersey and our country.
He has emerged as a national leader in the effort to fix our broken criminal justice system and end mass incarceration, helping craft the most sweeping set of criminal justice 
reforms in a generation, the First Step Act, which became law in December 2018. He has also advocated for economic policy that expands opportunity, increases wages, limits 
corporate concentration, and cracks down on corporate practices like outsourcing, stock buybacks, and no-poach agreements that firms use to keep wages down. And he has been a 
leader in the Senate in the fight to protect the Affordable Care Act, while also championing proposals to build upon the law, increase access to care, and lower costs. Cory sits
on the Judiciary Committee, the Foreign Relations Committee, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, and the Small Business Committee. 


Cory Booker believes that the American dream isn’t real for anyone unless it’s within reach of everyone. Booker has dedicated his life to fighting for those who have been left 
out, left behind, or left without a voice. Booker grew up in northern New Jersey and received his undergraduate degree from Stanford University. At Stanford, Booker played 
varsity football, volunteered for the campus peer counseling center, and wrote for the student newspaper. He was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship and went on to study at the 
University of Oxford, and then Yale Law School, where he graduated in 1997. After graduating law school, Booker moved to Newark and started a nonprofit organization to provide 
legal services for low-income families, helping tenants take on slumlords. In 1998, Booker moved into the Brick Towers housing project in Newark, where he lived until its 
demolition in 2006. Booker still lives in Newark’s Central Ward today, where the median household income is less than $15,000. At 29, Booker was elected to the Newark City 
Council, where he challenged the city’s entrenched political machine and fought to improve living conditions for city residents, increase public safety, and reduce crime. 
Starting in 2006, Booker served as Newark’s mayor for more than seven years. During his tenure, the city entered its largest period of economic growth since the 1960s. In 
addition, overall crime declined and the quality of life for residents improved due to initiatives such as more affordable housing, new green spaces and parks, increased 
educational opportunities, and more efficient city services.

In October 2013, Booker won a special election to represent New Jersey in the United States Senate. In November 2014, Senator Booker was re-elected to a full six-year term. As
New Jersey’s junior Senator, Cory Booker has brought an innovative and consensus-building approach to tackling some of the most difficult problems facing New Jersey and our 
country. He has emerged as a national leader in the effort to fix our broken criminal justice system and end mass incarceration, helping craft the most sweeping set of criminal
justice reforms in a generation, the First Step Act, which became law in December 2018. Booker has also worked to reform America’s broken food system, address our nation’s 
nutrition crisis, and end food insecurity. Booker sits on the Judiciary Committee, the Foreign Relations Committee, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, and 
the Small Business Committee. 

