Senator Mike Braun passed more bills into law than any Republican Senator in 2021. 
In 2022, he was in the top 10 of all Senators for bills signed into law.

Hoosiers sent Senator Mike Braun to D.C. to stand up against the status quo and get results.
Senator Braun is committed to pursuing federal legislation in “regular order,” that is, moving bills through processes that allow the public to fully consider legislation before such bills become law and binding upon them. 
This includes working through committee hearings, committee mark ups and floor proceedings.

In the 117th Congress, Senator Braun was among the top ten Senators in terms of production of stand-alone Senate bills becoming law. Senator Braun also worked closely and
consistently with colleagues across the aisle to enact numerous commonsense bills for which he was the lead partner.

“All too often, Members of Congress vote for legislation they have not read, and do not fully understand. Since taking office, I have consistently voted against “too-big-too-
fail” bills that are rushed through the legislative process and loaded up with costly pet projects for career politicians. I take my oath to uphold the Constitution seriously, 
and therefore go to work each day to protect the freedoms and liberties afforded to the American people under our founding documents; to deter career politicians from spending 
taxpayer’s money with reckless abandon; to create environments where entrepreneurs and small businesses can thrive in America; and to focus on fixing commonsense problems for the 
American people.” – Senator Mike Braun

Senator Braun’s dedication to his constituents means it’s no surprise that he was named the most effective freshman Republican Senator in Congress, the most effective Republican 
Senator in agriculture, health, and welfare, and the highest ranked Republican on the ‘Freshman Senators Exceeding Expectations’ list. Senator Braun has been an advocate for 
Hoosiers here in DC, hearing their complaints and translating them into effective legislation. In 2019, after receiving complaints about poor program administration in the VA, 
Sen. Braun set out to reform the benefit system for children of Vietnam War Veterans with spina bifida, proposing legislation that was signed into law October 2023.

The Office of Senator Mike Braun provides federal agency assistance to all citizens in Indiana. Acting as a liaison between Hoosiers and the federal government, Senator Braun’s 
office can often help you answer questions, find resources or resolve problems. As a Main Street entrepreneur, Senator Braun understands customer service is vital. For this 
reason, Senator Braun has visited all 92 counties in Indiana every year he has been in office. In 2023 alone, the office of Senator Mike Braun returned $11,411,292.29 to 
Hoosiers.

SENATOR BRAUN RANKED MOST EFFECTIVE FIRST-TERM REPUBLICAN SENATOR, TOP TEN MOST EFFECTIVE REPUBLICAN IN SENATE BY NONPARTISAN CENTER FOR EFFECTIVE LAWMAKING

House passes Sen. Braun/Rep. Newhouse bill adding more oversight to protect American agriculture from foreign adversaries, Braun calls on Senate to act. 

Senator Braun recognizes Wabash & Erie Canal Park in Senate
Senator Braun passed a resolution through the Senate this week celebrating the history of the Wabash & Erie Canal and the volunteer and community efforts in Carroll County to keep that history

PASSED SENATE: The National Fossil Act to name the mastodon America’s fossil
WASHINGTON – The National Fossil Act has now passed the Senate. This bill names the mastodon as the U.S. national fossil, and was introduced by Senator Mike Braun and Senator Gary Peters and cosponsored by Senator Eric Schmitt and Senator Maggie Hassan.





