In this election it is not the actions of those who oppose it is inaction of those who knows.
Get the vote out.

Bob Casey has been an incredible partner for progress in Congress and I urge Pennsylvanians to send him back to the Senate this November.
It is the last day to register to vote in New Jersey. Register and make a plan to vote at http://iwillvote.com right now!

We are the leaders we are looking for. 
In these final weeks before an election. Let's not complain about the challenges before us; let's work, volunteer, and organize for the opportunities to make the changes we seek.

Democracy is not a spectator sport. Now is the time to get on the field, make your voice heard – get involved, get informed, and vote!

I wish all my friends and people across the world observing Yom Kippur an easy and meaningful fast. G’mar Chatimah Tova.

Happy #NationalComingOutDay! 
Today we celebrate with those who can come out and continue fighting for those who can't. 

I am hitting the road to elect democrats up and down the ballot. I know we can defend the Senate, take back the House, and elect Kamala Harris as President.

Praying for people in Florida and others affected by these awful storms. 
I will work for and support the federal funding needed to help people recover. 
May we all help each other, as best we can, through life's storms.

1 month until we vote to secure our freedoms
1 month until we vote to protect democracy
1 month until we vote to make history
We have just 1 month to win this election, what are you doing today to elect Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States?

The Biden-Harris economy has led to unprecedented job growth. Democrats know how to build an economy that works for everyone.

Love Chick Mission! Was honored to host them at the State of the Union and learn more about their incredible work.

Shana Tova! As we reflect on the resilience of the human spirit and the hope for a future where all our loved ones are safe and sound, I wish those celebrating Rosh Hashanah a sweet, healthy, and peaceful year ahead.

I know Kamala Harris will be an excellent leader, because of the exceptional decision she made when choosing Tim Walz as her running mate. He demonstrated tonight for the nation to see why he will be the perfect partner for Kamala.

Thinking of all those impacted by Hurricane Helene. I encourage all of those who continue to be under threat to heed local warnings. Incredibly grateful for the work of emergency responders keeping communities safe.

Here is to all the artists that make us feel seen and connected; that speak to our hurts and our hopes; that inspire our tomorrows and help us heal from our yesterdays. 
Here is to the artists that add to our grit to endure; our strength to overcome; and lift our spirits in our highs and lows and even when we are just feeling a little flat. 
Happy Birthday Bruce Springsteen.

23 years ago our nation felt shock and horror, heartbreak and grief, of a horrific terrorist attack that took the lives of thousands and devastatingly   impacted the lives of countless others. 

At one of the worst moments in American history we saw the best of who we are: heroism, courage, and steadfast determination to rise together from the ashes of agony. 
We turned to each other. 
We lifted each other up. 
We became a more united United States. 
On this September 11th, may we summon that spirit, that commitment to country and each other, and move forward with renewed determination to honor those lost, heal our nation, and be together, stronger and more united.

Democrats voted for unprecedented funding for border security in order to stop fentanyl smuggling and for more law enforcement officers, but Trump ordered the GOP to kill the bill so he could continue spread lies and hate. We cannot elect anyone who puts their interests over our national security to be our Commander in Chief.

I’m devastated by news of the deaths of six hostages in Gaza, including an American, Hersh Goldberg-Polin. May their memories be a blessing. I was so moved by Hersh’s parents’ remarks last month at the Democratic National Convention. Jon Polin and Rachel Goldberg-Polin’s courage and invincible love for their son have shone throughout their terrible ordeal. They and other hostage families have turned pain into purpose, advocacy into activism, to get the hostages released and bring an end to this conflict. My heart and my prayers are with these families during this time of immense pain and grief.

A lesson on leadership. 
“Poor leaders want you to see how powerful they are. But great leaders want you to see how powerful YOU are.”

I’m not surprised by the Republican attacks on Vice President Harris, but I am already fed up with them. Just a week ago, they were calling for unity…they had a chance to live up to that call with VP Harris’ entrance into the race - to talk about policy ideas not personal insults.   I welcome debate on policies but anyone who seeks to lead our nation should elevate our national dialogue not crash it with crass, denigrating insults.

