Have you checked out my episode of @SenateGOP's "The Elephant in the Room" yet? Don't miss it! While you're there go ahead and listen to the other conversations with my colleagues and be sure to subscribe on your preferred podcast platform.

One word can sum up VP Kamala Harris’ three and half years in office:
FAILURE.

I've long championed investments for this project because it supports economic activity and growth in Arkansas + will help move people and goods more efficiently across the region and country. Our delegation, @myARDOT & local leaders are all pleased to see it coming to fruition.

It was great to stop by the Carbon Chicken Project's Innovation Farm in Fayetteville. Their team is pioneering sustainable agriculture practices like upcycling poultry litter to enhance soil quality, and I appreciated the opportunity to learn more about such a unique operation.

Israel has eliminated a dangerous terrorist responsible for the Oct. 7 attack and who represented an ongoing threat to its people. We must continue to stand with the Jewish State’s pursuit of operations to ensure its security and deliver justice to its enemies.

Please join me in applauding the inductees of the 2024 Arkansas Food Hall of Fame. Our state has such rich traditions that come to life over the meals we enjoy from establishments with deep ties to their communities. Congratulations to this year’s winners.

I'm joining the @DaveElswickShow live in-studio at the top of the hour. Catch it on 
@1011FMTheAnswer in central Arkansas or stream the show

Arkansans planning travel abroad should find many of the preparation processes easier to navigate than in recent years. READ my latest column on the updates and resources that should reduce stress and increase passport application and renewal options.

We are grateful @USNavy sailors have been protecting our nation on the seas and defending our interests in every corner of the globe for 249 years – always with honor, courage and commitment.

This month reminds us of the bravery and strength women & families across our country demonstrate when battling #BreastCancer. They are heroes, always in our prayers. It's been a privilege to learn many of those stories and support increased research and resources for this fight.

Wishing the Jewish community in Arkansas and worldwide a time of meaningful prayer and fasting as you observe this holiest day of your faith.

Inflation is still crushing many Arkansas households, squeezing their budgets and forcing them to choose between paying bills and other essentials. VP Harris fully supported the massive spending that drove it even higher – costing them about $23k extra since January 2021.

I’m highlighting Arkansan and Air Force veteran Maddie Willyard in the newest edition of my “Salute to Veterans” series. She shares about lessons learned during an assignment administering medical records in this @LibraryCongress #VeteransHistoryProject interview excerpt.

I have been proud to advocate mental health policy improvements that expand support to those struggling, including legislation like the TEAMS Act to help student-athletes or more services for our nation’s veterans. #WorldMentalHealthDay

World Sight Day is about raising awareness for eye health in younger generations and ensuring they understand the importance of maintaining and protecting their vision. As an eye doctor by training, I know how important it is to #LoveYourEyes.

The opioid crisis continues to devastate communities and claim lives, even among young Arkansans like Kari Clay's daughter Ellison. I was proud to secure critical funding for the Opioid Prevention Project at @UALRMidSOUTH to help educate families and ultimately win this battle.

I look forward to seeing the results of the dedicated partners in schools and our law enforcement agencies as they work with MidSOUTH to reach families and students from middle school to college.

Thanks to terrific partnership, water from the AR River will flow to Natural State farmland via the Marion Berry Pump Station at Bayou Meto. More sustainable irrigation will benefit ag producers in 5 counties and simultaneously enhance flood risk protection plus preserve habitat.

It's been an honor to work alongside the Corps of Engineers, USDA and state & local leaders to bring this project to fruition strengthening responsible stewardship of our water resources. I know former Rep. Berry would be proud of this game changer for our farmers and the region.

Praying for all in the path of Hurricane Milton as well as those still dealing with the devastating effects of Helene. From linemen, nurses and individual volunteers to 
@arkansasguard members – Arkansans are serving fellow Americans in their hour of need. May God bless them all.

So pleased to help celebrate the new @SigSauerInc Jacksonville Ammunition Center. A great day for the community & Arkansas as we take tremendous pride in it delivering ammo for the @USArmy's next generation weapons system. I applaud the close collaboration that made it possible.

U.S. Army Private Rodger Andrews, of Gravette, Arkansas, took part in D-Day and perished on the beaches of Normandy. Now, his remains have been positively identified, thanks to the work of the @dodpaa. We honor his service to and sacrifice for our country.

I can’t think of any entity outside of church that played a larger role in influencing my daughters' lives than @4H. Proud to co-lead a bipartisan resolution honoring it and recognizing that same impact on so many others as we celebrate #National4HWeek.

An appreciation of the outdoors is something I hope to inspire in young Americans, especially in Arkansas where so many lasting memories can be made. READ my latest weekly column on that effort to introduce families to our national parks and public lands.

Hamas’ brutal attack on innocent victims will never be forgotten. As families still wait to be reunited with loved ones captured one year ago, our resolve is unwavering to bring these hostages home. The United States stands with Israel, one of our closest friends and allies (1/2)

October is Down Syndrome Awareness Month. The thousands of Americans and millions worldwide with Down syndrome are valuable family members and friends engaged in their communities in special and important ways. I’m proud to join all those recognizing their dignity and impact.

Today we take the opportunity to celebrate the role of the manufacturing industry, and the hardworking men and women who power it, on our economy and lives. I am especially proud of the incredible products #MadeInArkansas this #MFGDay24
