A year ago, Israeli citizens were slaughtered by Hamas terrorists in an orchestrated massacre that claimed over 1,200 innocent lives. 
Senate Republicans wrote this resolution reconfirming our support for Israel & condemning anti-Semitic hate & violence:

I have the honor to recommend some of Indiana’s most talented and skilled students to attend the United States Military Academies. Just a reminder that the deadline to apply for a nomination is next week, October 10th. 

Met with students from Northeast Dubois this afternoon for a Q&A. It's always great to engage with young Hoosiers and hear their thoughts and ideas!

Novo Nordisk's CEO told me today they make a profit selling Ozempic in Australia for $87. Then why do Americans have to pay over $600 for it? Because our health care industry is an confusing maze of misaligned incentives. We need transparency and reform. 

Meeting the men and women who have so bravely defended our country is one of the greatest honors.

As a former Main Street business owner, I'm proud to be selected again for the @NFIB Guardian of Small Business Award with a 100% voting 
record in favor of small businesses. More Hoosiers are employed by small businesses than big ones - Main Street powers our economy.

There is a lack of leadership in the Biden-Harris administration.

D.C. is chock-full of career politicians. Putting someone like @elonmusk in charge of a government efficiency commission will give this place the shock to reality it needs.

Sending my heartfelt condolences to the family of Corporal Brandon Schreiber who lost his life protecting Hoosiers in the line of duty. We can never thank him enough for his service and sacrifice to his fellow citizens.

It’s great getting to speak with up and coming Hoosier leaders. Thank you to the Hoosier Leadership Series for having me today, and thanks everyone for all the great questions!

Biden and Harris promised they'd "cut the deficit" by supercharging the IRS. 
They spent $80 billion to make back $1.3 billion. 
Our national debt increases by $6.71 billion per day. 
Here's a free idea: stop spending trillions we don't have.

The Protecting American Agriculture from Foreign Adversaries Act of 2024 introduced by 
@RepNewhouse has now passed the House, bringing us one step closer to protecting American farmland from foreign adversaries. Now it’s time to pass my bipartisan Senate version.

Kamala Harris just brought up transparency on COVID origins. @HawleyMO and I had to fight tooth and nail for the Biden-Harris admin to release basic information about the Wuhan lab to the American people. They still haven’t declassified everything!

Great getting to catch up with some Hoosiers at today's Hoosier Huddle. When I can’t be listening to Hoosiers on my #92CountyTour in Indiana due to Senate session, the Hoosier Huddle is the next best thing.

Today I introduced new bipartisan Senate legislation to protect America's farmlands from foreign adversaries. @RepNewhouse’s House version is picking up steam this week. It's time we protect America’s food supply chain from foreign adversaries like China, Iran, and Russia.

Today I had the honor of attending the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony for the servicemen and women who lost their lives in the Kabul airport attack. Marine Corporal Humberto Sanchez was from Logansport, IN. We will always remember their sacrifice and honor their service.

Please join me in praying for the recovery of a Newton County Sheriff’s Dept officer shot in the line of duty assisting fellow officers in a pursuit with a criminal putting Hoosier lives in danger. Corporal Schreiber is a hero and we’re praying for his family in this difficult time.

.@TheoVon & @realDonaldTrump are right - his health care price transparency executive order was a huge win for Americans, but it's not being enforced.
My bill will force hospitals and insurers to show their prices. Reveal the price. Reduce the costs. Reform the broken system!

Honored to speak about Promising Pathway Act at an inspiring event raising money for ALS research this week. A member of my staff, Robert Ordway, biked 800 
miles across the country from Washington, D.C. to Indiana to raise money to end ALS. Over $100,000 for @iamalsorg!

Had the privilege to welcome the drivers to the 2024 National Truck Driving Competition in Indianapolis. So much of our state economy depends on truck drivers. America runs on 18 wheels!

Hoosiers are hurting from the Biden-Harris economy. The fix is simple: stop borrowing trillions of dollars.

Spoke to a crowd of conservatives at @AFPhq rally in Fort Wayne tonight who are ready to end the high prices and low energy of the Biden-Harris economy. It’s time to reignite the American dream!

The first step to securing American farmland from foreign adversaries is accurate information. It’s time for the USDA to move on from the outdated, error-prone paper process. Proud to join @SenFettermanPA and @SenJoniErnst in taking the first step to fix this broken system.

In Carroll County, I stopped by the Wabash and Erie Canal Center to present a Senate Resolution from my office to celebrate their 50th Anniversary. There is so much to see and learn all across Indiana and I am proud to meet with Hoosiers in every county every year.

