Today I once again visited all 87 Minnesota counties in one year with my last stop in 
Kanabec County. I love our state and always believe that to do your job you need to 
meet people where they are.

The Swift County Historical Society has created an impressive museum and extensive 
research library in Benson. I met with their director, Reverend Gary Mills, and other 
local leaders to see the museum and hear about how they’re serving the community.

Results matter. That’s why I’ve worked so hard to bring results home to Minnesota to 
improve the lives of people in every corner of our state, and I’m not stopping now.

Anoka is known as the “Halloween Capital of the World” so it makes sense that it 
ranked as one of the best towns in the country for Halloween celebrations!

Infrastructure investments in rural Minnesota are critical to our state’s economy. I 
worked to secure funding for the Cloquet Carlton County Airport which is a major pilot 
training center so it can continue to serve the community for years to come.

WIN this game at home! Can you get closer games than this series? Onto the next game! 
We LOVE the LYNX!!! And it is back to NYC.

People should be able to afford their medications. That’s why I worked to lower the 
cost of insulin to $35 a month and allow Medicare to negotiate the prices of 10 major 
drugs for seniors (with more on the way). And we won’t stop working until everyone can 
afford what they need.

For rural Minnesota to succeed, we must invest in the next generation of farmers. Sen. 
Smith and I worked to secure this funding to ensure beginning farmers can access land 
to start and grow their businesses.

Former Congressman Rick Nolan died last night. With his thunderous voice and passion for the people of Northern Minnesota, Rick was a one-of-a-kind leader. He put his 
power into representing the people who needed him. He loved the outdoors and his 
family. The comeback kid, he first served in Congress from 1975-1981 and then returned and served 3 terms starting in 2013. We will miss him dearly and our prayers are with Mary and his family.

I joined Mayor Kim Norton and Chancellor Dr. Lori Carrell at the University of 
Minnesota Rochester to highlight their “College-in-3” program. This innovative 
approach to education partners with the Mayo Clinic to help students get their degrees 
faster in a cost-effective way.

My friend @RosenforNevada just got off the debate stage. She once again made clear 
what I saw for myself in Nevada - she is the best choice for workers and families and 
people in every corner of the state trust her to represent them in Washington!

I had my last visit to all of MN’s 87 counties in Mora at the Kanabec Veterans Memorial. Wonderful to see so many from the community, including a 93-year-old veteran 
that showed me his Navy uniform, at this incredible place that is a tribute to their 
service to our country.

The Lakes and Pines Community Action Council works everyday to fight poverty in rural areas. I joined Mayor Mathison and other local leaders to see their Mora facility and discuss ways to support their work serving the community.

I was at American Peat Technology in Aitkin to tour their facility and meet with 
company leadership and staff. I even got to try a taste of their new Cold-Peated 
American Single Malt Whiskey made in partnership with Brother Justus Distillery.

The Carlton County Airport in Cloquet has a workforce center that trained 350 new pilots last year. I stopped by to highlight federal investments that helped expand 
their capacity to train needed pilots and to discuss the need for a new taxiway.

I was in Walker to meet with Mayor Jerecho Worth and other leaders about the 
importance of supporting local businesses by strengthening the workforce and expanding access to affordable child care and housing.

Investments in housing in rural Minnesota are investments in our workforce and businesses. I joined local leaders in Park Rapids to discuss how federal funds will be used to expand access to affordable housing.

I got to tour the KOOTASCA Community Action's Early Childhood Hub in Grand Rapids. This type of community-driven, innovative initiative is exactly what we should be 
creating to ensure accessible and affordable child care across Minnesota.

Tomorrow I will once again visit all 87 Minnesota counties in one year with my last 
stop in Kanabec County. I love our state and always believe that to do your job you 
need to meet people where they are.

Kevin Grossheim made it his life’s work to save others in Voyageurs National Park. For that, he’s a hero. I was honored to meet his wife Jill along with Park Superintendent 
Bob DeGross at the Voyageurs National Park Headquarters, to remember and to honor 
Kevin.

But never before has a presidential nominee — let alone a former president — openly 
suggested turning the military on American citizens simply because they oppose his 
candidacy.

After years of hard work and dedication, Hennepin County has reached a federal 
designation of “Functional Zero” that recognizes ending veterans homelessness. Our 
veterans have made sacrifices for us, and we owe them a debt of gratitude that 
includes a safe place to call home.

In Wisconsin with @tammybaldwin! We traveled across western WI from Eau Claire to Hudson to the beautiful Goplin Homestead Farm in Osseo. No matter where we were, people know Tammy has their backs and are working to elect her in November!








