Mitch McConnell twitter

Yahya Sinwar was the mastermind of the largest slaughter of Jews since the Holocaust, and today, families shattered on October 7th have a small measure of justice. Israel has yet again demonstrated what it means to impose costs on adversaries, and America ought to take notes.

The federal judicial bureaucracy is on a crusade against so-called single-judge divisions – the sort of courts that rural litigants rely on, including in parts of Kentucky. It’s time for this interference to end.

Today, as Americans and free people around the world remember the victims of October 7th and pray for peace, let us recommit to stand with Israel in its righteous fight.

It is not enough to intercept missiles and drones moments before they reach civilians in Israel or U.S. personnel in the Red Sea. It is time for America to act like the friend of Israel we claim to be, and for Iran and its proxies to face severe consequences.

Like Mugniyah and Soleimani before him, Hassan Nasrallah authored decades of terror and suffering across the Middle East. Israelis, Americans, Lebanese, and Syrians are safer without him on the battlefield. America should heed this reminder of what it means to impose costs and justice on those who wish us harm.

Chaos at the border. Steep prices at the grocery store. The Biden-Harris Administration owns the most serious policy shortcomings of the last four years.

After four years of weakness and retreat, providing for the common defense has never been more urgent. But weeks of partisan show votes have left the Senate too little time to debate the defense authorization bill and topline investments in hard power before November.

Every time Washington Democrats tie Israel’s hands in public comments, Hamas and Hizballah are emboldened. If our colleagues want peace, it’s time to show support for a nation founded on peace and resolve toward terrorists whose reason for existence is chaos and violence.

Late last night, Sheriff's Deputy Josh Phipps of Russell County, KY was killed in the line of duty. His sacrifice is a somber reminder of the debt we owe our courageous law enforcement officers. Elaine and I join the rest of the Commonwealth in sending our deepest sympathy to Russell County and the Phipps family as they mourn his loss.

Very grateful President Trump is safe after another attempted assassination attempt. There is no place for political violence in our country, and those responsible for it must be held to account. I hope and expect USSS and the FBI will conduct a thorough, swift, and transparent investigation.

Twenty-three years ago today, terrorists ended 2,977 innocent lives in an act of staggering cruelty. From the rubble, our nation rose to rebuild, to care for the grieving, to pay tribute to heroes who ran toward danger, and to bring murderers to justice. We will never forget.

Glad to see @evangershkovich safe on American soil and welcome him to the Capitol. Journalism is not a crime, and reporters will continue to pursue the truth and hold the Kremlin to account for its brutality.

Congress returns with unfinished business on national defense. In the face of growing threats, further delays in passing the NDAA and constraints on robust topline investments in American strength are dangerous. Our adversaries are emboldened by our weakness and hesitation.

Heartbroken by news of Hersh Goldberg-Polin's death at the hands of Hamas. The savages who killed this U.S. citizen and continue to hold others hostage must pay a heavy price. Israel should finish the job to end this Iran-backed terror, and America must support this effort without caveat/conditions.

Three years ago, 13 U.S. service members were killed by savage terrorists at Abbey Gate in Kabul. The grief of their loss is no less painful today, and a grateful nation will never forget these heroes’ sacrifice.

It is time for all nations concerned about violence and instability in the Middle East to hold Iran to account. Until Tehran faces meaningful consequences, it is foolish to expect its deadly and destabilizing influence to subside.

The Biden-Harris Administration’s consideration of a plea deal with terrorist mass murderers was disgraceful. The United States of America must never flinch in holding terrorists accountable for their actions.

There is no substitute for an independent judiciary, and the left should not be allowed to dress up its attacks as “reform.” 

The release of innocent Americans and Russian political prisoners from wrongful detention is encouraging news. But without serious action to deter further hostage-taking by Russia, Iran, and other states hostile to the United States, the costs of hostage diplomacy will continue

The Biden-Harris Administration’s cowardice in the face of terror is a national disgrace. The plea deal with terrorists, including those behind the 9/11 attacks, is a revolting abdication of the government’s responsibility to defend America and provide justice. 

The Maduro regime learned from the worst – Moscow, Beijing, Tehran, Damascus, and Havana. The people of Venezuela are resisting a socialist dictator willing to steal elections and repress freedoms to maintain his chokehold on power. And the free world ought to have their backs.

Senate Democrats’ show-vote summer is leaving our most important business unfinished. A defense authorization bill collecting dust. Not a single funding bill passed. And a farm bill that hasn’t even been written. The Senate’s Democrat majority is not earning its keep.

The Biden-Harris Administration thinks it can pull off what Democrats have wanted to do for years: turn an independent Supreme Court into a reliable weapon of liberal policy. Here’s why they’re dead wrong

One member of the Administration’s court-packing commission put it this way: “No human institution is perfect. But this is a pretty darn good one. We ought to be really careful about tinkering with it…”

My full remarks on the Biden-Harris Administration’s latest plan to undermine the Supreme Court:

Best of luck to our athletes as the 2024 Paris Olympics kick off! I’ll be cheering extra hard for my fellow Kentuckians competing in the games this year. God bless America, and go Team USA!

Honored to meet with Israeli Prime Minister @Netanyahu and hear his message to a joint meeting of Congress. Israel’s defiance of the world’s most active state sponsor of terror deserves America’s utmost support.

For four years, the American people have faced historic inflation at home, chaos at the border, and weak leadership abroad. Our nation is less prosperous and less secure than it was in January, 2021. We cannot afford four more years of failure. 

Journalism is not a crime. Evan Gershkovich’s wrongful detention demonstrates the cruelty of Vladimir Putin’s thuggish rule. Joined @SenSchumer, @SpeakerJohnson, and @RepJeffries in condemning Evan’s unjust sentence and demanding his immediate release. 
