It’s simple – when our workers succeed, our economy succeeds. That’s why time and time again, Democrats have union workers' backs!

Democrats’ clean energy investments have spurred 62 new projects in Michigan creating almost 22,000 clean energy jobs. While Republicans try to rollback this progress, Democrats will keep fighting for our clean energy future.

Medicare open enrollment is here! Through December 7,  Michiganders can compare their health insurance plan options. Learn more about it at http://medicare.gov.

It’s National School Lunch Week! School meals make sure our kids have a full stomach and are ready to learn. Thank you to all the school food service directors who give our kids access to healthy and delicious meals at school.

Happy Indigenous Peoples’ Day! Michigan is home to many wonderful tribes, and today, we recognize their storied histories while honoring their invaluable contributions to our state.

Two years ago, Michiganders voted to enshrine women’s reproductive freedom in our Constitution. A Republican, nationwide abortion ban would rip this away. Democrats will always fight for your freedom to make your own health care decisions.

It’s National Farmer’s Day! Our Michigan farmers produce over 300 products and lead the nation in the production of fruit, vegetables, and so much more. Thank you for working hard every day to grow the food we eat and boost our economy!

Sending warm wishes to all observing Yom Kippur. G’mar Chatima Tovah.

Today, we celebrate National Coming Out Day – a day to celebrate who you are, who you love, and who you hope to become. Thank you for being you!

Michigan knows all too well the dangers of lead pipes.These new actions from @EPA bring us one step closer to ensuring every family has safe drinking water.

We all can have mental health challenges. That’s why I’ve worked so hard to ensure mental health services are available in every corner of the country. This World Mental Health Day, remember you are not alone. Help is available. If you are struggling, call or text 988 for help.

I was saddened to hear of the passing of a wonderful friend, Tim Johnson. A champion of family farmers and ranchers and an ally to me on so many issues, he leaves a lasting legacy that will be missed. My heart goes out to Barbara and his family.

Through the implementation of our Inflation Reduction Act, CHIPS and Science Act, and Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, Democrats are creating jobs, lowering costs, and building a stronger middle class.
In Michigan, we make things and grow things - including apples! This Michigan Apple Month, make sure you support our apple growers and enjoy some delicious Michigan apples.

Thanks to these investments, $10 million is going to South Haven to strengthen their water infrastructure and make the community more resilient against the impacts of the climate crisis and severe weather. This project will help over 5,000 households in Michigan!

October is National Domestic Violence Awareness and Prevention Month. If you or someone you love needs help, call the national Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233) or text “START” to 88788.

Over 210 federal judges have been confirmed by the U.S. Senate since @POTUS took office! These talented judges are bringing experience, diversity, and a commitment to justice to the federal judiciary. Step by step, @SenateDems are making our courts look more like America.


Sen. Debbie Stabenow @SenStabenow· Oct 7 October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers for women. Early detection is key – I encourage all women to stay up to date on your mammograms.

It was great to be with the Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council this week at the Ambassadors Championing Excellence Awards! Thank you for honoring me with your President’s Award! It’s been a privilege to be your partner to support minority-owned businesses across MI.

I’m cheering for you today, @tigers!

Happy World Teachers’ Day! Teaching is one of the most important jobs there is, and a great teacher changes a child’s future. Thank you to all the teachers who are inspiring the next generation of leaders!

Communities across the South and Appalachia have suffered devastating losses in the wake of Hurricane Helene. I’m happy that the Michigan-made F-150 Lightning is making the recovery a little bit easier by helping to restore power.

This National Manufacturing Day, I’m celebrating the manufacturing renaissance, kickstarted by the Biden-Harris administration. After decades of offshoring, we are bringing manufacturing jobs back to Michigan and back to America.

Thanks to Democratic actions over the last 4 years, we’ve created nearly 800,000 new manufacturing jobs. And, the Biden-Harris administration has secured $910 billion in private sector investments.

These investments have ignited a manufacturing boom, a clean energy boom, and a jobs boom – all right here in America. We just need to keep it going in the right direction!

The Lansing community is my home. I went to college here, raised my family here, and have had the honor of representing Lansing in county government, the State Legislature and now in the U.S. Senate. It’s an honor to have a piece of the community named after me!

Great news! Democratic policies that focus on good-paying jobs are working for Americans. We need to continue to be laser-focused on growing the middle class.

Great news - @NOAA_GLERL is receiving $1.9 million to expand long-term monitoring of heat content of the Great Lakes! This funding from our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law will help scientists track the impacts of climate change on our lakes.

Good news! @POTUS just signed my bill with @SenGaryPeters to rename three post offices in Michigan! Ann Arbor is now home to the Robert Hayden Post Office, after our nation’s first African-American Poet Laureate.

Mount Clemens is now home to the Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Jefferson Post Office, after the Tuskegee Airman and Detroit-area educator. And Battle Creek is now home to the Sojourner Truth Post Office, after the iconic abolitionist and suffragette.
